So, as a division officer, you're going to be out at sea on your ship.
And this would apply also two aviators when they do with disassociated
see tours or the submariners when they come topside when they're
trying to qualify for there, carry cvb G the carrier ballot Cruise
tours. You have to do a tour of the ship, one of things about life,
and see when the carrier goes out your signs to carrier battle group,
you Miss Navy Prize itself on under waiver punishments on one of these.
Do you have to develop? Is your seaman's eye to make sure that
you could bring your ship alongside? I did the carrier or the replenishment
ship. And that's the one thing that ship drivers surface warfare
officers pride themselves on is learning how to drive that ship
and keep that ship alongside their punishment. Because you don't want
to crash into or play bumper cars. That is not good at all. So or
just, uh, underwear your punishment I had I was in the Bering Sea's
that's north of Alaska. First ship. We took it. We went up the West
Coast. What through the Bering Sea's into the illusions, and we did
it underwear punishment for eight hours. And I had the con for about
six of those eight hours that's developing your seaman's. I. That's
the kind of thing that you is very hard to do. But once completed,
once you have that a everyone knows you're the you're the guy. You're
the gal that could drive that ship. Well, the guy you're the gal,
go out and keep the ship out of harm's away. That's very sensible.